index.md, before:

---
layout: cv
title: Vini Salazar - CV
---
# Vini Salazar, BSc
Biologist, Programmer, Scientific Diver

<div id="webaddress">
<a href="viniws@gmail.com">viniws@gmail.com</a>
| <a href="https://github.com/vinisalazar">My GitHub profile</a> | <a href="http://lattes.cnpq.br/3615050262193115"> Lattes</a>
</div>

## About
I am a biologist turned programmer focusing on the marine environment.   
I am passionate about the oceans, computers and teaching programming to other biologists and scientists.  

If you need more info about my academic work, please visit my <a href="http://lattes.cnpq.br/">Lattes</a> page listed above (available in Portuguese only).  
Feel free to reach out by e-mail or through my GitHub profile.

## Currently

Bioinformatician at <a href="https://neoprospecta.com/">Neoprospecta Microbiome Technologies</a>.    
Autonomous researcher at <a href="https://github.com/Grupo-de-Oceanografia-Costeira/">GOC</a>.

### Technologies

Python, R, SQL, Git

### Other skills

PADI OWSI instructor, First Aid instructor

### Research interests

Bioinformatics, microbial ecology, marine genomics, biological oceanography, scientific diving, programming education

## Education

`2012-2018`
__Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina, Brazil__

- BSc Biological Sciences

`2014-2015`
__The University of Queensland, Australia__

- CNPq Science Without Borders study abroad student

## Professional experience

`2016-2018`
__Phycology Laboratory, UFSC__ - Florianópolis, Brazil
- Junior researcher
- Algae physiology and response to climate change
- Scientific diving

`2013-2017`
__Agua Viva Diving__ - Florianópolis, Brazil
- SCUBA diving instructor

`2015`
__Crystal Divers__ - Bali, Indonesia
- Professional Divemaster Internship

`2015`
__Australian Institute of Marine Science__- Townsville, Australia
- Research assistant
- Molecular biology laboratory

## Awards

`2012`
CAPES scholarship 'Young Talents in Science'  
`2014`
CNPq study abroad scholarship 'Science Without Borders'

Commit message:

Added thesis Added credits to original fork

index.md, after:

---
layout: cv
title: Vini Salazar - CV
---
# Vini Salazar, BSc
Biologist, Programmer, Scientific Diver

<div id="webaddress">
<a href="mailto:viniws@gmail.com">viniws@gmail.com</a>
| <a href="https://github.com/vinisalazar">My GitHub profile</a> | <a href="http://lattes.cnpq.br/3615050262193115"> Lattes</a>
</div>

## About
Biologist turned programmer focusing on the marine environment.   
I am passionate about the oceans, computers and teaching programming to other biologists and scientists.  

If you need more info about my academic work, please visit my <a href="http://lattes.cnpq.br/">Lattes</a> page listed above (available in Portuguese only).  
Feel free to reach out by e-mail or through my GitHub profile.

## Currently

Bioinformatician at <a href="https://neoprospecta.com/">Neoprospecta Microbiome Technologies</a>.    
Autonomous researcher at <a href="https://github.com/Grupo-de-Oceanografia-Costeira/">GOC</a>.

### Technologies

Python, R, SQL, Git

### Other skills

PADI OWSI instructor, First Aid instructor

### Research interests

Bioinformatics, microbial ecology, marine genomics, biological oceanography, scientific diving, programming education

## Education

`2012-2018`
__Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina, Brazil__

- BSc Biological Sciences
- Thesis: "Programming education for biologists"

`2014-2015`
__The University of Queensland, Australia__

- CNPq Science Without Borders study abroad student

## Professional experience

`2016-2018`
__Phycology Laboratory, UFSC__ - Florianópolis, Brazil
- Junior researcher
- Algae physiology and response to climate change
- Scientific diving

`2013-2017`
__Agua Viva Diving__ - Florianópolis, Brazil
- SCUBA diving instructor

`2015`
__Crystal Divers__ - Bali, Indonesia
- Professional Divemaster Internship

`2015`
__Australian Institute of Marine Science__- Townsville, Australia
- Research assistant
- Molecular biology laboratory

## Awards

`2012`
CAPES scholarship 'Young Talents in Science'  
`2014`
CNPq study abroad scholarship 'Science Without Borders'  

--  
This page was made with a fork of <a href="https://github.com/elipapa/markdown-cv">markdown-cv</a>.
